Update docs with new information (#15460)
dotnet/arcade: Documentation/UnifiedBuild/VMR-Full-Code-Flow.md

The rules for managing `eng/common`:

- `dotnet/arcade` stays the home for this folder as the contents are tied to the Arcade version often.
- When code is flowing from arcade to the VMR, we treat it as any other code flow subscription, and just update `src/arcade`.

> - Changes of `eng/common` in the VMR`s root are **not** allowed.

Reviewer: Technically they are allowed but will be overwritten like in any other repo

> - Changes of `eng/common` in the VMR`s root are **not** allowed.

Author: ```suggestion
- Changes of `eng/common` in the VMR`s root will be overwritten like in any other repo.
```

> - Changes of `src/arcade/eng/common` will backflow to all repos updating `Microsoft.DotNet.Arcade.Sdk` like in any other Backflow subscription

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Any subscription from the VMR (code-enabled or normal) will contain `Microsoft.DotNet.Arcade.Sdk`. So any arcadified repo will receive the Arcade update from there. The `src/arcade` folder will be used as the source of truth for version file updates (`eng/common`, `global.json`, ...).
```

- Repositories can opt-out from getting Arcade updates from the VMR by ignoring the `Microsoft.DotNet.Arcade.Sdk` package in their code flow subscription.

> - Like in any normal repo VMR's root `eng/common` only gets updated during dependency update subscriptions (VMR -> VMR)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Like in any other repo, VMR's root `eng/common` will only get updated during regular (non-source-enabled) VMR -> VMR subscriptions.
```

    arcade->>arcade: eng/common is changed
    arcade->>VMR: Forward flow to VMR
    activate VMR

>     Note over VMR: eng/common is copied to:<br>src/arcade/eng/common

Reviewer: This is misleading. Of course it gets copied there because the whole `src/arcade` folder goes in there.
Though it does not get copied but code-flown (so regular source code flow).

Author: I deleted the whole note since it doesn't behave special in any way

    participant runtime as dotnet/runtime
    participant VMR as VMR

    VMR->>VMR: src/arcade/eng/common is changed

    par Code flow
    VMR->>VMR: Normal dependency flow updates VMR's eng/common

>     VMR->>arcade: Backflow to arcade<br>includes src/arcade/eng/common

Reviewer: Again, misleading, the whole `src/arcade` folder is backflown to arcade. The folder is not special in this case

Author: removed that part of the note
